[Drop-In UI] add option to specify custom location puck with drop-in (#6365)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Moved `MapboxAudioGuidance` and `MapboxAudioGuidanceState` into public api. [#6336](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6336)
- Introduced `ViewOptionsCustomization.showCameraDebugInfo` to allow end users to enable camera debug info. [#6356](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6356)
- Added `ComponentInstaller` for the `LocationComponent` that offers simplified integration of map LocationPuck. [#6206](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6206)

> - Added `ViewStyleCustomization.locationPuck` that allows to define a custom location puck for `MapView`. [#6365](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6365)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `ViewStyleCustomization.locationPuck` that allows to define a custom location puck using `NavigationView`. [#6365](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6365)
- Replaced `ViewStyleCustomization.defaultMarkerAnnotationOptions` with `ViewStyleCustomization.defaultDestinationMarkerAnnotationOptions`
```
